It was the best of times, it was the worst of times.
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.
The only way out of the labyrinth of suffering is to forgive.
So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.
All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.
It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen.
Whether I shall turn out to be the hero of my own life... these pages must show.
In a hole in the ground there lived a hobbit.
Not all those who wander are lost.
There is some good in this world, and it's worth fighting for.
Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.
I am no bird; and no net ensnares me.
Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.
Two roads diverged in a wood, and
It was the county of Maycomb, and Jem and I loved him.
You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view.
All this happened, more or less.
I think, therefore I am.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
We accept the love we think we deserve.
It matters not how strait the gate, how charged with punishments the scroll, I am the master of my fate.
The truth will set you free, but not until it is finished with you.
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood.
I am not afraid of storms, for I am learning how to sail my ship.
Some men aren't looking for anything logical, like money. They can't be bought, bullied, reasoned, or negotiated with.
It was a pleasure to burn.
Books are a uniquely portable magic.
The universe is under no obligation to make sense to you.
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.
I am not afraid... I was born to do this.
One does not simply walk into Mordor.
The world breaks everyone, and afterward many are strong at the broken places.
But man is not made for defeat... A man can be destroyed but not defeated.
For a time I considered myself dead. Then I realized I was only having a nervous breakdown.
I took a deep breath and listened to the old bray of my heart. I am, I am, I am.
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.
All happy families are alike; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.